HF upload guide update (#65)
Imageomics/Collaborative-distributed-science-guide: docs/wiki-guide/The-Hugging-Face-Dataset-Upload-Guide.md

[HF tips and tricks for large uploads](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/upload#tips-and-tricks-for-large-uploads).

## Note on Authentication

All of these methods require authentication to edit datasets, ranging from passwords, to tokens, to SSH authentication, and all support editing **Public** (accessible to anyone on the internet) or **Private** (accessible only to members of the organization) repos. Two key notes on authentication:

1. Private repositories are only visible if you are authenticated.
2. If using tokens for access, be sure to create a [fine-grained token](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/en/security-tokens#what-are-user-access-tokens), specifically for your needs.

## Upload a Dataset with the Web Interface

In the Files and Versions tab of the repository, you can select "Contribute" to add or create files or start a pull request directly from the web interface.

![Dataset repository Add file button](images/HF-dataset-upload/346190430-9e6cef9b-18ef-4d4a-84c5-1a3f75ac9336.png){ loading=lazy }

> This method is fine for smaller files (<100MB), or dataset repositories that are distributed, not well organized, have less files. If you are uploading existing files, navigate to the target folder first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is fine for smaller files (<100MB), or data uploads from distributed sources, have relatively flat structure with few directories, and/or have few files. If you are uploading existing files, navigate to the target folder first.
```

## Upload a Dataset with the Hugging Face CLI

Hugging Face provides a comprehensive Command Line Interface (CLI) and corresponding [docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/cli). Note that this is installed with the `huggingface_hub` python package, but can also be installed directly, then called with `hf <command>`.

> The Hugging Face CLI is the ideal method for larger datasets, with more files. It works directly from HPC clusters, such as OSC. Under the hood, [`hf upload`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/cli#hf-upload) uses the same upload functions described below, under [Upload a Dataset with HfApi](#upload-a-dataset-with-hfapi). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hugging Face CLI is the ideal method for uploads that are large in volume, have more than a few files, and/or a folder structure with many or nested directories. It works directly from HPC clusters, such as OSC. Under the hood, [`hf upload`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/cli#hf-upload) uses the same upload functions described below, under [Upload a Dataset with HfApi](#upload-a-dataset-with-hfapi), but obviates the need to first write a custom script.
```

Author: This sounds right, and clearer, but I would like to confirm.

Author: I took the first part of this, then added a link pointing to the [HF large folder upload considerations](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/v1.10.1/guides/upload#upload-a-large-folder) (in [4cf7e9c](https://github.com/Imageomics/Collaborative-distributed-science-guide/pull/65/commits/4cf7e9c4dc503d836c047289ebce01c314d10d11)) as a means of providing distinguishing content.
